---
title: 'Section A'
icon: 'wenzhang1'

order: 1
---

## I'm Glad I Did It My Way

 1 I didn't follow the normal route to university. Most of my teenage friends stayed on at school,passed their exams, chose their favourite university and continued their education.

2 I couldn't wait to get to work and left without any qualifications, feeling that having a salary was more important. I spent a few years doing different jobs but always wondered what might have happened if I had followed my friends' example.

3 It was ten years later, in my late twenties, and after I discovered a love of history, that I finally decided I wanted to go to university. I thought about giving up my job and spending a year at college getting the exams I needed for university, but I couldn't afford to do this. So I decided to study on a distance learning course and keep my job. This was long before the internet and online learning. My course consisted of a parcel brought by the postman with all the books I needed for the year, a study plan and the contact details of my tutors. No telephone number, just an address of a business where I had to post my work.

4 I would spend a week or two studying the next unit, write an essay and post it to the tutor. I would then wait, usually for at least two weeks, for the tutor's reply. It was always a very exciting moment when the postman arrived and I opened the envelope to see how well I had done. My tutor's comments were always very helpful, though I often wished I could phone him for the chance to discuss some of the things he had written.

5 I passed the exams and did indeed go to university. And the distance-learning course taught me the importance of hard work and the need to focus. It wasn't easy studying like this without the technology available today. I wasn't able to ask the questions I had and get the quick response that communication tools now make possible. But I also think it was much easier to concentrate then There was no mobile phone to turn to every five minutes or social media to follow. I'm glad I did it my way.
